Create 2024-03-22_mooc_cubeandclouds.md (#86)
Open-EO/openeo.org: news/2024-03-22_mooc_cubeandclouds.md

---
news:   true

> title:  MOOC Cubes and Clouds open for registration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title:  MOOC Cubes and Clouds - open for registration
```

date:   2024-03-22
author: Peter Zellner
---

> **MOOC Cubes and Clouds**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> :cloud: Dive into the world of data cubes, cloud platforms, and open science with our latest EO college course “Cubes and Clouds” 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest EO college course “Cubes and Clouds” explores the newest concepts in Earth Observation through engaging lectures, videos, animated content, and hands-on exercises!
```

> :rocket: Explore the newest concepts in Earth Observation through engaging lectures, videos, animated content, and hands-on exercises!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> :computer: openEO plays a main role in the course. It's standardized API is homogenizing cloud processing. It allows for portablility of the created workflow between different cloud providers, reproducibility and sharing of the workflow which is enriched with valuable metadata. A great step towards open science. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
openEO plays a main role in the course due to its standardized API for homogenizing cloud processing. It allows for portablility of the created workflow between different cloud providers, reproducibility and sharing of the workflow which is enriched with valuable metadata. The idea behind and need for openEO are tought in a dedicated lecture. All hands-on exercises use openEO, guiding participants from basic processes to carrying out end-to-end EO workflows and sharing their results!
```

> :books: The idea behind and need for openEO are tought in a dedicated lecture. All hands-on exercises use openEO, guiding participants from basic processes to carrying out end-to-end EO workflows and sharing their results!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> :exclamation: Subscribe and become a cloud native EO expert :point_right: [Cubes & Clouds – EO College (eo-college.org)](https://eo-college.org/courses/cubes-and-clouds/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can subscribe to the course for free and learn about cloud native EO at [Cubes & Clouds – EO College (eo-college.org)](https://eo-college.org/courses/cubes-and-clouds/).
```
